# UIUC-CS-415-Final-Project-Spellrogue
Unreal Engine project that encapsulates a 2D, top-down roguelike experience made for my group final project for CS 415 at UIUC

This Unreal Engine group project was my final submission for the final project, the project being titled as "Spellrogue." This assignment was conducted over the course of about two months, split into six sections. The first was an initial check-in with a class TA "mentor" to confirm preparation for the project. The second was the "discovery" milestone, wherein my group presented our first draft of design documentation to our TA. The third was a mid-project meeting with our TA, going over our refined draft of documentation and receiving feedback. The fourth was the "alpha" milestone, where we produced a demo for the implementation of our high priority features. The fifth was the actual final submission, including updated documentation to reflect the final product. The sixth was a series of peer evaluations. For this assignment, I have yet to receive my final grade, which will be seen in the soon-to-be-uploaded Grade Screenshot.

The documentation submitted can be found at this Drive folder: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/3/folders/1DoSoHPfOuqwG3Gb3vqFae5oJkpeeEpsO

Disclaimer: The final allowable submission date has passed, so the ability to use this code to submit the assignment for a grade this current semester of Spring 2024 has similarly passed. I do not condone usage of this project for the purposes of cheating if this exact type of project assignment is to be re-used in future iterations of CS 415 at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. I also do not claim any work on this project not done by me as my own. Please see the Collaboration Plan document in the design documentation to see details on my charge for the project.
